# IntroCI-Project2

Project 2 for MU Intro to Computationial Intelligence. The purpose is to create a library that is used to implement fuzzy inference systems. Below is the abstract from the paper for the project.

A fuzzy inference system was designed to perform logic on a set of uncertain inputs. For a millennium, logic has been performed with a true or false, a binary input and output, what happens when there is something that is true sometimes and not true sometimes? If you have an uncertain input, how do you perform logic? This project implements a Mamdani inference system to perform logic with fuzzy sets. The fuzzLibrary implements three different membership functions, and, or and correlation min operations, sum and max aggregation, and centroid defuzzification. The library was then checked and verified using the tipping problem. Part two of the experiment was to implement a classification problem. After observing the relationships in the iris dataset, a ruleset was built. Using this ruleset, a fuzzy logic system was built using the fuzzLibrary, it was found that with the analytically created ruleset that only 4 of 150 iris inputs were misclassified. The final part of the experiment created a Mamdani inference system to predict stress output level based on workload (in hours) and days until due date. It was found overall that the fuzzLibrary was able to properly implement a Mamdani inference system and although the rulesets may have been over fit, the inference systems created were able to perform well with classification and non-classification problems.
